backstory:
the cabin is located deep in the woods, and contains one living room with a small kitchen
and a bedroom. Upsairs, hidden from sight there is a study and under the cabin, also hidden
there is a hidden room where the demonic ritual took place.
the cabin was once home to a crazy person, who tried to summoned an unnamed demon,
after reading in a book that promised him the fulfillment of all of his wishes by the demon.
When he then did the summoning through a horrific ritual involving the sacrifice of a person,
he realized the mistake he made unleashing this demon on the world.
He then tried to banish the demon again, performing the banishing ritual, sacrfifing himself.
But this wasn't enough to undo his mistake as he died before finishing it. 
Instead he only bound it to his cabin limiting its power on the world.
Using its limited power on the world, the demon then lured whoever it could into the cabin
and tried to make them summon him completely into the world.
They all went insane from its influence and eventually killed themselves 
after returning to the cabin several times

story:
the characters came to the cabin for different reasons(intrigued by horror stories,...)
first the only thing they know about the suicies in the cabin(possibly know one of the victims)
when they come to tha cabin, they need to stay there over night, because it's deep in the woods
when they first enter the cabin, they find traces of the last person to find the mansion
she hanged herself in the living room, no one removed the noose yet.

when they look around they find a message she left before hanging herself
it reads: "i can't take it anymore. These voices always drag me back here, wanting me to do horrible things.
There is no escape. Maybe in death i will finally be at rest"

the players will here voices in their heads, growing louder over time																						 	//TODO: demon messages
sometimes the messages contain information, but nothing that actually helps them a lot(like: "save yourselves", "run" etc)										//TODO: dead people messages
at night they will all get nightmares, of killing each other and being killed(maybe all the same killer, maybe different ones?) 								//TODO: decide on nightmares, prepare some

outside there are markings on the wall, if they solve the puzzle they can open a door to the cellar room 														//TODO: puzzle
there is a missing piece though, and it's needed to open the door

near the cabin there is a body of someone that apparently tried to run away from the cabin
with this person they can find the missing piece (the person wanted to bring the piece away from the cabin, so the demon can't be summoned)
The demon stopped him from running away and killed him.

in the cellar, there is a person hanging on the wall, body slit open, and one person disfigured on the floor => stability test
on the walls there are strange runes => can be read 																											//TODO rune text
in the room, there is also a book, showing different things to everyone
there is also a notebook, laying near the cultist, encoded						 																				//TODO: text in notebook, puzzle for code

in the room the demon has the biggest presence
it closes the door again trapping them inside.

Then it tries to influence the players to sacrafice one of them to summon it into the world.
If they resist (roll!) it uses all of its power to force them to do it.
In the notebook there are instructions on how to banish the demon again 
if they can figure out what it says in the notebook says and resist the demon long enough they can banish it again and escape the cabin

players that die become attached to the demon, still having some control over the world, but only limited, they also have bad influences						//TODO: ghost action cards(good and bad)
//TODO: demon actions (posession etc.)
//TODO: ghosts