The powers the demon can use at any point in order to bring the players to summon it into the world
the demon's powers can only be used in its power radius which is the cabin +about 25m 

1. take control of a player
	player can try to resist the demon by rolling against a DC of 12
	(change the DC as appropriate)
	when a player fails to resist, they can try again after 1d12 minutes

2. haunt an object
	the demon takes control of an object, making it move by itself
	it can make the object fly through the room
	when it throws it the object flies 1d% out of its power radius
	any object can be moved, if it can move freely(can't rip out door for example, only open and close it)

3. force people/animals to the cabin
	each person/animal that has been to the cabin and has heard/felt the presence of the demon can be forced to return to the cabin
	the demon might choose to force someone back or it might let them go
	when it does, the person/animal feels a strong desire to return to the cabin
	if they ignore it, they get a very strong headache that leads to unconsciousness when ignored/counteracted
	they also get continued nightmares while away from the cabin
	
4. control an animal/NPC
	the demon can control any animal or NPC
	an NPC might resist and gain control back, an animal can't
	when the demon lets go of an animal it immediately dies

5. talk psychically
	when the demon talks psychically the person hears the voice inside his head
	only who the demon wants to hear its message hears it 
	it can also make someone see pictures in their head/induce hallucinations/nightmares
	when the demon talks to the players it will try to make them turn on each other and use that as an advantage
	he will say things like:
		"he will sacrafice you, stop him"
		"how did you find this cabin? some of them have to have known about it"


Note: the demon cannot use it's powers to force himself(for example use an animal to do it)
its power on the world is too weak

Behaviour:
1. When the players first come into the cabin, the demon tries to bring them to summon him into the world.
	Immediately it wants to stop them from leaving. If they want to leave, they players will get heavy headaches that only stop when they come back.
	They will get horrible nightmares if they don't return.
	At first it tries to suggest them they should help him, using all he can do, devieving them (he can stop people dying etc.)
	During that time the demon also wants to seed distrust among the players, but subtly, so they don't notice what it's up to(through nightmares and information)
2. When the players don't act on its suggestions the demon will try to make them. 
	It will start controlling the players in their sleeps(because they give less resistance then)
	Under the demon's control the controlled player will start preparing the summoning, by choosing a sacrifice, writing runes on the wall etc.
	When the player wakes up they remember nothing but they won't be controlled anymore.
	From this point on the demon will keep them more aggressively making them fall unconscious when they move too far away from the cabin, and attacking their psyche with horrible hallicunations
	The demon will always pick the same person to control and will only switch target when it has to.
3. Over time the demon will get more aggressive, even controlling players when awake, and targeting players that it thinks might stop him.
	At this point the demon might kill a player or more.
	Leaving the cabin is not an option Anymore. Anyone that gets too far away will fall unconscious and get horrible hallicinations.
	If they don't come back, the demon will force them back. If they resist, the demon will go as far as killing them.
4. When the players enter the sacrifice room, where the demon has more power, it all out uses all its powers in any way to make the players summon him.
	Now it won't neccessarily hide its intentions anymore.
	If the players try to leave, it will stop them by sealing the door.
5. When the players try to start the banishing ritual, the demon will not try to get summoned but try killing whoever is doing the ritual
6. After the demon is inside a person, it fights with the person over the body, often switching between being in control and not being.
	As the banishing words are spoken the demon still takes control sometimes, but less and for a shorter amount of time
7. When both demons are in the body, the demons will ignore control of the body and fight each other. 
	This takes a big toll on the body containing them. Only seldomly the player will be in control of the body and if so the player will be in horrible pain.
8. When the demons are banished, the demon's control will still leave marks on the persons body and mind, possibly scarring them forever.
