story:
the characters came to the cabin for different reasons(intrigued by horror stories,...)
first the only thing they know about the suicies in the cabin(possibly know one of the victims)
when they come to tha cabin, they need to stay there over night, because it's deep in the woods
when they first enter the cabin, they find traces of the last person to find the mansion
she hanged herself in the living room, no one removed the noose yet.

when they look around they find a message she left before hanging herself
it reads: "i can't take it anymore. These voices always drag me back here, wanting me to do horrible things.
There is no escape. Maybe in death i will finally be at rest"

the players will here voices in their heads, growing louder over time															//TODO: demon messages
sometimes the messages contain information, but nothing that actually helps them a lot(like: "save yourselves", "run" etc)		//TODO: dead people messages
at night they will all get nightmares, of killing each other and being killed(maybe all the same killer, maybe different ones?) //TODO: decide on nightmares, prepare some

outside there are markings on the wall, if they solve the puzzle they can open a door to the cellar room 						//TODO: puzzle
there is a missing piece though, and it's needed to open the door

near the cabin there is a body of someone that apparently tried to run away from the cabin
with this person they can find the missing piece (the person wanted to bring the piece away from the cabin, so the demon can't be summoned)
The demon stopped him from running away and killed him.

in the cellar, there is a person hanging on the wall, body slit open, and one person disfigured on the floor => stability test
on the walls there are strange runes => can be read
the runes tells the story of the demon and contains a prophecy of it reigning the earth
in the room, there is also a book, showing different things to everyone
there is also a notebook, laying near the cultist, encoded						 												//TODO: text in notebook, puzzle for code

in the room the demon has the biggest presence
it closes the door again trapping them inside.

Then it tries to influence the players to sacrafice one of them to summon it into the world.
If they resist (roll!) it uses all of its power to force them to do it.
In the notebook there are instructions on how to banish the demon again 
if they can figure out what it says in the notebook says and resist the demon long enough they can banish it again and escape the cabin

players that die become attached to the demon, still having some control over the world, but only limited, they also have bad influences//TODO: ghosts
