This is what the players can read from the tome:

1. How to summon the Nameless One
2. How to banish the Nameless One

1. speak those words and give the Nameless One a offering of your blood: Batrch ishihr xochqeul Salezhor
	Once you did that you opened a small door through which He can give you instructions
	Do what he tells you and he wil raise once again

2. The Nameless One is one of the oldest and most powerful demons that have ever managed to enter our world.
Only with the help of other demons, possibly even more powerful, could we find a way that might banish him from the world.
We don't know if we can manage to finish this ritual, so this is for anyone who finds this if we fail, if it still exists.
Be very careful with this ritual, you might not be able to contain the powers you are meddling with.
But this might be the only way to save ourselves from this demon.
This spell is supposed to be done by at least 2 people, else the possessed person will not be able to be saved
In order to banish this demon to the hell he came from you need to force the demon inside you using this powerful spell.
But before you do constrain yourself, so the demon can't use your body
Xar Cluubal tar Osie Ziabal
From this point on the person containing the demon has no way to gain control of his own body so someone else has to finish the banishing
Once the demon is inside you another person has to speak this holy spell 
vade exiit daemonium ab hoc corpore vade ad infernos and write a cross of blood on the contained's body.
this weakens the demon if done right. If done wrongly it might destroy the posessed body.
repeat the holy spell 3 times to weaken the demon enough for the rest of the procedure
This is where traditional methods fail to banish or kill the demon. It's too powerful for normal holy methods.
So that's where we depended on other demons to finish it. God help us
Make a blood offering to the Archdemon DonGaal and summon him into this world using this spell: Preena looh Rabzxa DonGaal diir mehzix goh lah
After this DonGaal will be forced into the person whose blood was spilled and can himself banish the Nameless One
From now on we don't know what will happen. 
The possessed person might die from the forces in his body, but if we can banish both demons while they are fighting there might be a chace
When the demons are fighting(this should be fairly obvious) you need to start banishing them right away as this might take a long time to complete
Use this spell: vade exiit daemonium ab hoc corpore vade ad infernos and make a cross sign on the persons body to weaken the demons again, 
do this 12 times this time and immediately use this spell to banish both demons Maszon Feixahl doh Tru Volfuex Stimox
repeat the spell another 12 times while holding up a cross and touching the possessed with it 
Finish with a prayer in latin and say "demons be gone"
At this point we hope both demons have weakened each other enough and we weakened them enough to banish them from our world
If this didn't work then the world as we know it might come to an end

GOD HELP US ALL


